Players’ and officials’ lists
VI .
38 	39
ARTICLE 22: ELIGIBILITY OF PLAYERS
22.1 Each Participating Member Association shall ensure the following when
selecting its representative team for the FIFA World Cup 26:
a) All players shall hold the nationality of their country or territory as represented
by the Participating Member Association and be subject to its jurisdiction.
b) All players shall be eligible for selection in accordance with the FIFA Statutes,
the Regulations Governing the Application of the FIFA Statutes and other
FIFA rules and regulations.
22.2 Each Participating Member Association is responsible for fielding only eligible
players. Infringements concerning the eligibility of players shall be decided by
the FIFA Disciplinary Committee in accordance with the FIFA Disciplinary Code.
22.3 Protests regarding the eligibility of players shall be decided by the FIFA
Disciplinary Committee in accordance with article 9 paragraph 3 of these
Regulations and the FIFA Disciplinary Code.
ARTICLE 23: PROVISIONAL RELEASE LIST
23.1 Each Participating Member Association shall provide FIFA with a list of a
minimum of 35 and no more than 55 players (four of whom shall be goalkeepers,
hereinafter: “provisional release list”) whom it may call up in accordance
with the relevant provisions of Annexe 1 to the FIFA Regulations on the
Status and Transfer of Players and the mandatory release date as defined in
these Regulations.
23.2 Each Participating Member Association shall submit online a provisional release
list of players to FIFA of a minimum of 35 and no more than 55 players (at least
four of whom shall be goalkeepers), accompanied by an accreditation photo
and a copy of the passport of each player appearing on the list. The provisional
release list shall be submitted to FIFA by the deadline stipulated in the relevant
circular letter.
23.3 The provisional release list shall contain information such as the player’s full
last name(s), all first names, popular name, name on the shirt, place and date
of birth, passport number and expiry date, name and country of the club they
play for, height, weight, number of caps attained and number of international
goals scored. Further details on the submission of the provisional release list,
and the deadline by which the list shall be submitted to FIFA, will be stipulated
in the relevant circular letter.
23.4 Each Participating Member Association shall include up to 75 team officials,
including the coach, team doctor and team manager, on the provisional release
list so that the relevant authorities can proceed with the background checks
for visa and accreditation purposes. Each Participating Member Association
shall adhere to the visa requirements and process.
23.5 The provisional release list will only be used for internal purposes and will
not be published by FIFA.
23.6 Changes may be made to the provisional release list in exceptional cases and
up until the submission of the final release list. Any change requests must
be submitted in writing, along with an accreditation photo and a copy of the
passport of the new individual.
ARTICLE 24: FINAL RELEASE LIST
24.1 Each Participating Member Association shall provide FIFA with a final release
list of at least 23 players up to a maximum of 26 players (at least three of whom
shall be goalkeepers) and up to 27 team officials (hereinafter “final release
list”) by the deadline stipulated in the relevant circular letter. This final release
list shall contain only players who were named on the provisional release list.
Any exception must be approved by FIFA. A signed copy of the final release
list shall also be sent to FIFA by the same deadline. All information requested
online about the players should be duly completed.
24.2 A player listed on the final release list may be replaced with a player from the
provisional release list only in the event of serious injury or illness up until
24 hours before the kick‑off of their team’s first match in the FIFA World Cup 26.
Any exceptions must be approved by FIFA. The replacement shall be nominated
by the Participating Member Association, who shall inform FIFA accordingly.
Upon receipt and acceptance of a written detailed medical assessment in one
of the official FIFA languages, the FIFA Medical Committee, represented by the
FIFA Tournament Medical Lead, will ascertain whether the injury or illness is
sufficiently serious to prevent the player from taking part in the FIFA World
Cup 26. Injured players who are replaced shall return their accreditation to
FIFA. Accordingly, players who have returned their accreditation shall no
longer be considered members of the Participating Member Association’s
final release list. The replacement player must be assigned the shirt number
of the injured player being replaced.

-- 20 of 50 --

Players’ and officials’ lists
VI .
40 	41
24.3 A goalkeeper listed on the final release list may be replaced by another
goalkeeper from the provisional release list only, in the event of serious injury
or illness, at any time during the final competition. Any exceptions must be
approved by FIFA. The replacement shall be nominated by the Participating
Member Association, who shall inform FIFA accordingly. Upon receipt and
acceptance of a written detailed medical assessment in one of the official FIFA
languages, the FIFA Medical Committee, represented by the FIFA Tournament
Medical Lead, will ascertain whether the injury or illness is sufficiently serious
to prevent the goalkeeper from taking part in the FIFA World Cup 26. Injured
goalkeepers who are replaced must return their accreditation to FIFA.
Accordingly, goalkeepers who have returned their accreditation shall no
longer be considered members of the Participating Member Association’s final
release list. The replacement goalkeeper must be assigned the next possible
shirt number not being used yet, e.g. 27.
24.4 The final release list of 23 to 26 players and up to 27 team officials will be
published by FIFA after the submission deadline.
24.5 Before the start of the FIFA World Cup 26, every player on the final release list
shall prove their identity, nationality and age by producing their legally valid
individual passport with photograph (stating day, month and year of birth).
Any player who fails to submit these documents will not be allowed to take
part in the FIFA World Cup 26. The identity of team officials will be checked in
connection with the accreditation process.
ARTICLE 25: 	RELEASE OF PLAYERS
To ensure the timely release of players for the FIFA World Cup 26, FIFA will set aside
dates as follows:
a) The rest, mandatory release and preparation period for the FIFA World Cup 26
begins on 25 May 2026 with the mandatory release of players following the
last official club match on 24 May 2026.
b) Exceptions to the mandatory player release will apply to any players involved in
the final matches of their confederation club tournaments up to and including
30 May 2026, and subject to FIFA approval.
ARTICLE 26: 	ACCREDITATION
26.1 FIFA shall issue each player and team official included on the final release
list with an official accreditation bearing a photograph. Each Participating
Member Association agrees to fully comply, and to ensure that all members
of its delegation, including players, coaches, managers, officials and
representatives also comply, with the FIFA Accreditation Terms and Conditions.
Each Participating Member Association will receive accreditations in accordance
with the final release list. Any additional accreditations may be requested from
FIFA Team Services in accordance with the official procedure prior to the final
competition. For the sake of clarity, FIFA will only cover the costs of up to a
maximum of 50 Delegation Members, as stipulated in the financial provisions
of these Regulations.
26.2 FIFA reserves the right to revoke the accreditation of any official or player due
to the misconduct of the individual concerned.
26.3 The Participating Member Associations shall ensure that all accreditation data
required by FIFA is submitted by the deadline stipulated by FIFA. Further details
will be outlined in a circular letter.
26.4 Players and team officials shall wear their accreditation provided by FIFA
when entering hotels, stadiums and training sites. Only players in possession
of valid accreditation may play in the FIFA World Cup 26. Players shall wear
their accreditation at all times in the team hotels. Team officials must wear
their accreditation at all times, including during the match on the team bench.
ARTICLE 27: 	TEAM SAFEGUARDING/WELFARE OFFICER
Each Participating Member Association shall appoint a designated Team Safeguarding/
Welfare Officer to act as a focal point for all matters related to the safeguarding
and well‑being of the players and team delegation. This role does not have to be
exclusive and can be assigned to a team medical doctor or other trained member of
the accredited team delegation. It is a mandatory requirement that the designated
Team Safeguarding/Welfare Officer complete the FIFA Guardians Safeguarding
Essentials: Open Learners online course (https://safeguardinginfootball.fifa.com/
global‑football‑community‑learners/) and submit the certificate of completion
to FIFA. In addition, FIFA recommends that all members of the team delegation
accompanying the players complete the course. The role of the Team Safeguarding/
Welfare Officer is to:
a) act as the first point of contact and lead for all safeguarding matters within
the team delegation during the FIFA World Cup 26;

-- 21 of 50 --

42
b) liaise with the FIFA Event Safeguarding Manager for the sharing of materials
with the delegation and for training session visits, and attend the Team
Safeguarding/Welfare Officer Workshop;
c) take all reasonable steps to ensure that the players’ and Delegation Members’
mental and physical well‑being is prioritised;
d) liaise with the tournament Safeguarding Manager and the FIFA Event
Safeguarding Manager should a concern or an allegation of harassment or
abuse (be it psychological, physical or sexual, or neglect) arise;
e) be aware (and make sure that all members of the team delegation are aware)
of the Safeguarding and Anti‑Discrimination Code of Conduct, with which
all accreditation holders, including the players, are required to comply; and
f) know the specific safeguarding measures for the FIFA World Cup 26 and the
avenues available for reporting concerns.
VII.
Kit and team
equipment

-- 22 of 50 --

Kit and team equipment
VII .
44 	45
ARTICLE 28: KIT AND COLOURS APPROVAL
28.1 The FIFA Equipment Regulations and the FIFA Media and Marketing Regulations
in force apply to all matches of the final competition, unless specified otherwise
in these Regulations. To the extent that these Regulations are inconsistent with
any aspect of the FIFA Equipment Regulations, the FIFA Equipment Regulations
shall take precedence.
The display of political, religious, or personal messages or slogans of any
nature in any language or form by players and team officials on their playing,
team kits or other clothing considered as outerwear and formal attire, before
and after playing, and equipment (including kit bags, beverage containers,
medical bags, etc.) or body is prohibited. The similar display of commercial
messages and slogans of any nature in any language or form by players and
officials is not allowed for the duration of their time at any official activity
organised by FIFA (including official matches and training sessions, as well as
during official press conferences and mixed‑zone activities).
28.2 Each team shall inform FIFA of a minimum of two different and contrasting
(one predominantly dark and one predominantly light) colours for each of its
first‑choice and alternative team kits (shirt, shorts and socks). In addition, each
team shall select a minimum of three contrasting colours for the goalkeepers.
These three goalkeeper kits must be different and contrasting from each
other as well as from the first‑choice and alternative team playing kits.
This information shall be submitted online via the team colour form by the
stipulated deadline. Only these colours, once reviewed and approved by FIFA
as stated in article 28 paragraph 3 below, may be worn during matches.
28.3 The Participating Member Associations shall send to FIFA for approval a sample
of all items of the full first‑choice and alternative team playing kits (shirt,
shorts, socks, all three goalkeeper’s kits, caps, wristbands and headbands, etc.)
intended for use during the final competition. In addition, FIFA shall organise a
kit‑day session prior to the final competition; should it do so, the date shall be
confirmed by circular letter or other official communication. Representatives of
all Participating Member Associations shall attend. All equipment (kits, bags,
medical equipment, etc.) that could be on display in the stadium, the training
sites and the hotels, or during transfers to, from or within the three host
countries, shall be approved by FIFA.
FIFA shall issue a written team equipment inspection report approving or
rejecting the items. Should any article of the team kit or any part thereof
not be in accordance with the FIFA Equipment Regulations and/or the FIFA
Media and Marketing Regulations, the Participating Member Association will
be obliged to change it accordingly and resubmit the corrected items within
the timeline set in the written team equipment inspection report. Any such
decisions are not subject to appeal.
28.4 All equipment (kits, bags, medical equipment, etc.) that could be on display
in the stadiums, the training sites and the hotels, or during transfers to, from
or within the three host countries, shall be re‑checked and approved by FIFA
during the Team Arrival Meeting for the FIFA World Cup 26.
28.5 From the moment that their teams first arrive in any of the three host countries,
and at the latest five days before the opening match until the end of the final
competition, Participating Member Associations may not display (including
on any clothing) any third‑party commercial identification or branding in any
final competition stadiums or training sites, or in connection with any official
media activities, other than:
a) on kit used at unofficial training sessions;
b) in the indoor press conference facility at their official training site (or other
press conference location approved by FIFA), but only when used for unofficial
events/activities; or
c) manufacturer’s identifications on kit, in accordance with the FIFA Equipment
Regulations.
More details may be provided in the FIFA Media and Marketing Regulations.
28.6 The approval that has been granted by FIFA on each item is based on all
the information made available and provided to FIFA during the equipment
inspection and approval process. Any approval by FIFA is specific only to the
sample items submitted and reviewed by FIFA. It does not apply to any team kit,
uniform, material or other equipment that is not identical in all specifications
to the sample submitted and declared to FIFA.
For the avoidance of doubt, changing the context of the design, text, images,
associated messages or any other material in which the item is intended to be
used constitutes a change to the approved use of such item. If the approved
item is used in any manner conflicting with the applicable FIFA requirements
and regulations, FIFA shall have the right to, at any time, withdraw its approval
and the item shall not be used, as well as to open disciplinary proceedings
against the relevant Participating Member Association. Such cases shall be
processed in accordance with the FIFA Disciplinary Code.

-- 23 of 50 --

Kit and team equipment
VII .
46 	47
ARTICLE 29: NUMBERS AND NAMES
29.1 Only the numbers 1 to 26 may be allocated to the players, with number 1
being reserved exclusively for one of the goalkeepers. These numbers shall
be displayed at chest height on the front of the shirt, on the front of the shorts
and on the back of the shirts according to the FIFA Equipment Regulations. The
numbers shall correspond to the numbers indicated on the final release list.
29.2 During the final competition, for any goalkeeper replacement, the incoming
goalkeeper shall be assigned the next possible shirt number not being used
yet, e.g. 27.
29.3 The player’s last name or popular (or abbreviation) name shall be affixed above
the number on the back of the shirt and shall be clearly legible in accordance
with the FIFA Equipment Regulations. The name on the shirt shall bear a strong
resemblance to the player’s popular name as indicated on the final release
list and in any other official FIFA documentation. In the event of two or more
players having the same name on the back of the shirt, further letter(s) or
initial(s) shall be added until a clear distinction can be made between the players
concerned. In case of doubt, FIFA shall have the final decision regarding the
name that appears on the shirt.
29.4 Each team shall supply a set of goalkeeper shirts without names or numbers
for the FIFA World Cup 26. These shirts will only be used in those special
circumstances in which an outfield player must take the position of goalkeeper
during a match. This extra set of goalkeeper shirts shall be provided in the
same three colours as the regular goalkeeper shirts.
ARTICLE 30: MATCH COLOURS DESIGNATION
30.1 No later than one month before the start of the final competition, FIFA will
inform the teams of the colours that they shall wear for each match of the
group stage. As far as is possible, FIFA’s preference is for each team to wear
its first‑choice colours as declared on the team colour form. If the two teams’
colours and the match officials’ colour might cause confusion, the following
principles shall be applied by FIFA to allocate the match colours:
a) Order of priority from 1 to 5:
1. Team A playing kit
2. Team B playing kit
3. Team A goalkeeper kit
4. Team B goalkeeper kit
5. Match officials’ (referees’) kit
If the above order of priority does not produce a clear colour contrast of the
kits (having considered the respective first‑choice playing kit and alternative
playing kit colour options), the allocation shall continue step by step in reverse
order (team B colours first, followed by team A colours and/or reversal of
team A and team B assignment, if necessary) until an acceptable colour
contrast is confirmed.
b) If necessary, one or both teams may have to wear a combination of their
first‑choice and alternative playing or goalkeeper kits, or each team may
have to play in its alternative colours, irrespective of its team A or team B
status. FIFA will endeavour to ensure that each team wears its first‑choice
team playing kit at least once during the group stage. In principle, FIFA shall
also consider the option of dark‑kit and light‑kit colour‑contrast assignments
in the interests of accommodating individuals with a colour vision deficiency
whenever reasonably practicable.
30.2 FIFA shall confirm the playing colours to the Participating Member Associations
before the start of each match. The colours shall be reviewed during the Match
Coordination Meeting by the FIFA Match Director. The colours assignment
decided by FIFA is final.
30.3 The first‑choice and alternative team playing kits and all goalkeeper kits
(including the goalkeeper shirts without names and numbers) shall be taken
to every match.

-- 24 of 50 --

48
ARTICLE 31: 	OTHER EQUIPMENT
31.1 FIFA will supply a sufficient number of players’ sleeve badges with the official
competition logo of the FIFA World Cup 26, which shall be affixed on the
right‑hand sleeve of each shirt. A different FIFA campaign logo may be affixed
on the left‑hand sleeve. FIFA will communicate to the Participating Member
Associations the instructions for use of the players’ sleeve badges.
31.2 FIFA will provide each participating team with a set of equipment upon arrival
in one of the three host countries (e.g. drinks bottles, drinks coolers, medical
bags, etc.). This equipment shall be used at the stadiums and official training
sessions, to the exclusion of any other similar items, other than as detailed
in the FIFA Media and Marketing Regulations.
31.3 For the FIFA World Cup 26, the captain of each team shall wear the captain’s
armband as issued by FIFA. If FIFA provides a choice of captain’s armband,
the captain should wear the one that contrasts most clearly with the sleeve
on which it is worn. FIFA shall have the right to, at any time, open disciplinary
proceedings against the relevant Participating Member Association for any
instances of non‑compliance. Such cases shall be processed in accordance
with the FIFA Disciplinary Code.
31.4 The footballs used in the FIFA World Cup 26 shall be selected and exclusively
supplied by FIFA. Each team will receive training balls from FIFA prior to the
final competition after the conclusion of the preliminary competition, and
after all teams have successfully submitted the required team entry details.
Training balls will also be provided to the participating teams upon arrival in
one of the three host countries. Only these balls provided by FIFA may be used
for training and warm‑up sessions at the official stadiums and training sites.
31.5 Only warm‑up bibs provided by FIFA may be used during official training
sessions and at the stadium in the pre‑match warm‑up, on the team benches,
and for the warm‑up of substitute players during matches.
31.6 Participating teams are allowed to use their own wearable tracking system
as long as the system has been tested and certified according to the Laws of
the Game, registered with FIFA by the Participating Member Association for
use in the final competition and otherwise complies with the FIFA Equipment
Regulations, the FIFA Media and Marketing Regulations and any other applicable
FIFA regulations.
VIII.
Match
organisation

-- 25 of 50 --

Match organisation
VIII .
50 	51
ARTICLE 32: START LIST
32.1 The electronic start list system will be available and accessible eight hours
prior to the kick‑off of the respective match with the full names and shirt
numbers of the maximum of 26 players listed on the final release list, together
with the full names of the officials eligible to be seated on the team bench.
A maximum of 26 players (including a minimum of two goalkeepers) may be
chosen for the start list. Changes can be made at the team’s discretion up to
90 minutes before kick‑off. The traditional paper start list will also be available
prior to each match.
32.2 The start list should be duly completed by selecting the 11 players who will start
the match and the maximum of 15 substitutes, indicating the captain, selecting
the officials to be seated on the team bench (maximum of 11) and submitted
by the authorised team official and/or signed if applicable. Both teams shall
submit their completed start list at least 90 minutes before kick‑off. If the start
list is not submitted on time for any reason the matter will be reported to the
FIFA Disciplinary Committee. Both teams’ start lists will only be published
once both teams have submitted them, fully completed.
32.3 At the Match Coordination Meeting (before each match), the teams will receive
a start list with the full names and shirt numbers of up to 26 players together
with the full names of the team officials eligible to be seated on the bench.
32.4 The numbers on the players’ shirts must correspond to the numbers indicated
on the start list. Each team is responsible for ensuring that the start list is
completed properly and that only the 11 selected players start the match.
32.5 If, after the submission of the start list, any of the 11 players are not able to
begin the match due to injury or illness, they may be replaced by any of the
eligible substitutes as long as the FIFA Match Director and the referee are
officially informed thereof prior to kick‑off. Within 24 hours, the team concerned
shall also provide FIFA with a medical report issued by a team medical doctor
responsible (in one of the three official FIFA languages).
32.6 Further to the above, any injured or ill player who is removed from the start
list will no longer be eligible to take part in the match and thus cannot be
selected as a substitute player at any time during the match. Such a change
to the start list will not reduce the number of official substitutions that may
be made by a team during the match. Although no longer eligible to play as
a substitute, the injured or ill player who was removed from the start list
before kick‑off may be seated on the team bench and would in that case also
be eligible for doping control selection.
32.7 Only the players who were identified on the official start list submitted to the
FIFA Match Director, or were confirmed as a warm‑up injury/illness replacement
player, may start the match. In the case of any discrepancies of players on the
pitch at the beginning of the match, the matter will be submitted to the FIFA
Disciplinary Committee for a decision.
ARTICLE 33: TECHNICAL AND WARM‑UP AREAS
33.1 The technical area is the area which the coach, other team officials and
substitutes are allowed to occupy during the match. It includes the dugout
(if applicable), the team bench and a marked zone adjacent to the pitch.
33.2 No more than 26 people (up to 15 substitute players and up to 11 team officials
– one of these officials shall be a team medical doctor) shall be allowed to sit
on the team bench. A suspended player or team official will not be allowed to
sit on the team bench or be in the technical area during the match.
33.3 Up to 20 additional technical overflow seats (including one seat for the team
liaison officer and one seat for the team security liaison officer) in the stands
shall be allocated for accredited officials providing technical support to the team
during the match (kit manager, assistant physiotherapist, etc.). Staff occupying
such seats shall have access to the dressing rooms with a valid accreditation.
33.4 During the match, substitutes are allowed to leave the technical area to warm
up. At the Match Coordination Meeting, the FIFA Match Director shall explain
exactly where they may warm up.
33.5 A maximum of five players (including the goalkeeper) and one official per team
shall warm up at the same time next to their own team bench. If there is not
sufficient space next to their own team bench, both teams shall warm up behind
the advertising boards to the rear of the goal. If there is insufficient space
behind the goals, both teams shall warm up in the designated area behind
assistant referee no. 1. In this case, three players (including the goalkeeper)
and one official per team may warm up at the same time. In all cases, the
warm‑up may not involve the use of any balls.
33.6 Smoking, vaping and the use of any tobacco‑related products are only allowed
in the designated areas (if made available) and are not allowed in the technical
area, in the vicinity of the field of play or within the competition areas, such as
the dressing rooms.

-- 26 of 50 --

